---
layout: page
title: April 9th, 2015
header: Day 1
permalink: /01
---

<h3>April 9, 2015</h3>
<h4>11:56 AM</h4>

I just got extremely intense urges. I was watching anime, then impulsively opened a Facebook tab... I thought to myself "wow, I feel such a strong impulse to go straight to facebook." Then, I thought about the word impulse, and thought "Its like the same impulse I get for porn." And immediately after that I found myself opening an incognito tab and searching "big ass teen fucked pov". I watched a video, skimmed through it to all the good parts, but didn't touch myself at all. I felt an intense sense of cognitive dissonance; as badly as I wanted to jack off to this video I also wanted to run as far away from it as possible. I watched for a minute, my emotions in disarray, and thought about my girlfriend. I would love to jack off to this video but I know that it will result in me sitting here for the next 45 minutes having multiple orgasms until my dick is sore, and then I'll end up feeling incredibly empty and sad. Why go through all of that? Maybe eventually I'll be able to casually jack off, but right now, the reward pathways are much too strong. I need to rewire my brain, and jacking off to this video is NOT the way to do it. I reminded myself that I ALWAYS say "this is the last time", and I realize now that I've said "this is the last time" at least 40 times in my life. That is not an exaggeration. So when will it /ever/ stop? With this empty justification system I've set up for myself, it never will. So, I decided today will be the day. And I began writing this. Now, filled with sexual energy, and a bit of anger from not satisfying this deeply rooted urge, I am going to go longboard for a bit and work off all this energy. Part of the satisfaction I get from my rigerous masturbation sessions is that feeling of endorphins and release of muscles, which is something I can get from any form of exercise. So for me, for my girlfriend, and for the cleanliness of my keyboard, today I will not watch porn.

<h4>12:12 PM</h4>

I haven't gone outside yet because I got distracted by a facebook message. However, only 15 minutes later, I feel completely different. I feel no urges, no intense buildup of sexual energy. Just 15 minutes ago I felt that I would never feel sane again if I didnt jack off, but now, I feel perfectly calm and content. No anger, either. This is wonderful and I now see exactly how quickly these feelings will go away next time.
